Nenad/150 abci spec fixes (#210)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/abci/abci++_methods.md

4. Upon reception of Proposal message, along with all the block parts, for round _r_, height _h_
   from _q_, _p_'s Tendermint follows the validators' algorithm to check whether it should prevote for the
   proposed block, or `nil`.

> 5. If the validators' algorithm indicates Tendermint should prevote for the proposed block and _p_'s _validValue_ is `nil`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If the validator's Tendermint consensus instance indicates that $p$ should prevote non-nil:
```
